docs: document `ng update` support guarantees (#44142)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/releases.md

{@a updating}
### Supported update paths

You can `ng update` to any version of Angular, provided that the following criteria are met:

*   The version you want to update *to* is supported.
*   The version you want to update *from* is within one major version of the version you want to
    upgrade to.

For example, you can update from version 11 to version 12, provided that version 12 is still

> supported. If you want to update across multiple major versions, simply do multiple updates one
> major version at a time. So instead of updating directly from version 10 to version 12, update from
> version 10 to version 11 *and then* update from version 11 to version 12.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supported. If you want to update across multiple major versions, perform each update one
major version at a time. For example, to update from version 10 to version 12:

1. Update from version 10 to version 11.
1. Update from version 11 to version 12.
```

Author: Thanks! Updated.

* a newly identified security vulnerability,
* a regression, since the start of LTS, caused by a 3rd party change, such as a new browser version.

### `ng update`

[`ng update`](cli/update) migrates an Angular application to the next version. The CLI only supports
migrating across **one major version boundary at a time**. Migrating multiple versions should be
done separately. For example, migrating from v11 -> v13 is not supported, but migrating from v11 ->
v12 *and then* migrating from v12 -> v13 (as two different `ng update` invocations) is supported.

`ng update` inherently involves two versions of Angular, the current version of the project and the
destination version it is being updated to. Using `ng update` between two versions is supported, as
long as the destination version of the update is still supported. From the previous point, the
destination version is no more than one major version higher than the current version of the
project. So if v9 is unsupported but v10 is still in LTS, then updating from v9 -> v10 is still

> supported.

Reviewer: This paragraph is a bit confusing. What are we trying to tell users? Is it that you can update between any two versions of Angular, so long as both versions are still supported?

Author: I'm trying to say that you can update between two versions provided that the version you are upgrading **to** is supported. This is confusing so I tried to give this a more specific example. Happy to change this if you have any thoughts about how to make it more clear?

> `ng update` inherently involves two versions of Angular, the current version of the project and the
> destination version it is being updated to. Using `ng update` between two versions is supported, as
> long as the destination version of the update is still supported. From the previous point, the
> destination version is no more than one major version higher than the current version of the
> project. So if v9 is unsupported but v10 is still in LTS, then updating from v9 -> v10 is still
> supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use `ng update` to any version of Angular, provided that the following criteria are met:

* The version you want to update *to* is supported
* The version you want to update *from* is within one major version of the version you want to upgrade to

For example, you can update from version 11 to version 12. But you can also update from version 8 to version 9, provided that version 9 is still supported.
```
What about something like this?

Author: Thanks, I like this a lot. Made some minor syntactic tweaks and added an explanation about how to upgrade multiple majors by migrating individually, since I expect that will be a common question.

I also noticed there was an existing section on `ng update` support. I replaced that section instead of adding a new one.
